>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
And I think many people
but I don't know what
to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, there are
some people that
have an innate ability to heal.
And they use various
techniques to do that.
Now, you may think, well
of course, doctors do this.
But we're talking
about energy healing.
And my guest on "Beyond
Belief" is Tom Benedict,
who is truly an energy healer.
Tom, welcome to "Beyond Belief."
>>TOM BENEDICT: Many blessings.
Thank you so much, George.
>>NOORY: What is
an energy healer?
>>BENEDICT: Well,
the energy around us
is how that we can
help ourselves to heal.
The energy deals
with meridian lines
of the body, energy sources,
or the chakras of the body.
Any time that we have a
challenge with a certain area,
let's say our throat
area, then a lot
of times, the color blue's
associative area with that.
And so bringing a blue
stone or something
with that vibration
of blue into our space
helps that area to heal.
And so that's kind
of my specialty,
is the working with the stones.
>>NOORY: I assume you were
born with this ability.
>>BENEDICT: I was.
And like many of us, we run
away, run away, run away.
And through some, we're going
to say physical challenges, that
put me bed bound
for three years,
it helped me to understand
during those three years,
the only time I'd get out of bed
was to go to one healing class.
And I learned so many modalities
at that class of healing.
And I found today,
15 years later,
I'm still teaching much
of that information.
>>NOORY: You were confined
to a bed for three years?
>>BENEDICT: I was in bed
three years with severe pain.
>>NOORY: How old were you?
>>BENEDICT: This
was just in '99,
so it's not been that long.
And I was on all
kinds of medicines.
14 doctors, they all said
the same thing-- count
on being this the
rest of your life,
and count on taking all this
morphine, and oxycodone,
and all these other stuff.
I'm like, I don't think so.
And so I ended up
getting off of the meds.
>>NOORY: On your own?
>>BENEDICT: On my own.
I got a flu so bad that
I couldn't put anything
in my mouth.
And then for the next
month, I blamed the flu
on the coming down
off of the meds.
>>NOORY: Did you
think you were going
to die, just in bed like that?
>>BENEDICT: No.
I knew that there was
something else happening.
I didn't know why.
I did find out that
being flat on your back
is one of the most predominant
ways of influencing your chakra
system.
>>NOORY: But not
for three years.
>>BENEDICT: But not
That's the challenge part.
It helped me to
walk into my gifts,
and helped me-- because of some
financial boon from that-- it
helped me to invest in my
business that's Tom Stones.
>>NOORY: How did you get into
the healing stones arena then?
>>BENEDICT: I began even
before I even knew it.
At a toddler, my dad
said, son, can you
leave a few of those
stones in our driveway?
And then I had a
great experience
at five years old
with a turquoise
that several hours
just disappeared.
As a five-year-old,
I put it in my hand.
And several hours
just were gone.
The next thing I knew,
it was dark outside.
It scared me so bad, George,
I opened up that toy box,
chucked that turquoise in
there, and didn't say a word
to anybody.
And that was my first experience
with energies of stones.
>>NOORY: So Tom, you're holding
this turquoise in your hand.
And what?
The whole environment
changes on you?
>>BENEDICT: You
know, all I know is
it created a meditative
state that I lived in
and I was in for several hours.
And I remember it was
daylight when I began
and dark when I ended.
And several hours
were totally gone.
>>NOORY: Where did they go?
>>BENEDICT: To this
day I don't know.
>>NOORY: I mean, did
you black out or what?
>>BENEDICT: It was
a meditative state.
And so I believe
that period of time,
the stones were re-harmonizing
with the capabilities
of me and this lifetime.
Many lifetimes I've
used stones, so I
came in with the innate ability
of working with the stones
and understanding
their energies.
And was doing that even before
I knew why, like that day.
>>NOORY: Is it the
stone, or is it
you that creates
that energy force?
>>BENEDICT: Fabulous question.
Really, it is our
allowing of the vibrations
of the stones, the
molecular vibrations,
to affect our personal
healing, our personal body.
And so it really is the
allowing, is the big picture.
When we allow things to
happen with us, they do.
And especially with
the stones, you know?
If somebody was to allow
the vibration of sound
to be their healing.
Well then, that was what
harmonizes with them.
Many people work
with the stones.
And since they have a
molecular vibration with them,
they're like a solid
form of frequency tools
to aid our healing.
>>NOORY: How many different
stones are out there,
Tom, that you use
for healing purposes?
>>BENEDICT: That I use?
At shows, I have about
eight boxes like this,
and have 105 at the moment.
And also in many
different shapes,
many different
sizes of minerals.
>>NOORY: And they all
do something different?
>>BENEDICT: They all do a
little something different.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
We've got some pictures
I wanted to go through.
Our first picture.
Can you explain what
are these stones
and what are the
purpose of those stones?
>>BENEDICT: This
stone's Amazonite.
Amazonite assists our
healing of the lungs.
Many times the color is
a direct organization
of the area of the chakra.
And so the blue stones, if
you hold these Amazonite right
under the collarbone
here, George--
>>NOORY: Just hold
them up right here.
>>BENEDICT: Hold them right
here under the collar.
Then it works with
the upper lung area,
and it aids and sends perfect,
beautiful blue healing
energy to those lungs.
>>NOORY: Probably
great for smokers.
>>BENEDICT: Fabulous
for smokers.
And then what you
want to do also
is move this out about
an inch and a half
and hold it there
for several minutes.
That way, it works on
the lower lung area.
If you do that exercise
three, four, five times a day,
you're going to be breathing
better in no time at all.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
Truly is.
All right.
Next picture.
Let's switch to that.
What are theses stones called?
>>BENEDICT: Bloodstone.
And bloodstone really
helps any challenge
that we have with our
overall blood system.
It could be anemia, high blood
pressure, low blood pressure,
diabetes, any of those things
that affect our blood system.
And the bloodstone
itself has a vibration
to it, a healing
vibration, that complements
the energies that
we're working with.
And so if we had
all the vibrations
that we needed in
our blood system,
we would have no
challenge at all.
>>NOORY: Do these bloodstones
change color after awhile?
Or do they stay the same?
>>BENEDICT: Sometimes
they can shift in colors.
And the ones that are red, a
little bit more red in them,
are the ones that I
suggest for anemia people
because when we walk in and out
of anemia, it's lack of iron.
Well, the red in this stone
is the energy of iron.
So replacing that into our
space boosts the energy of iron
that we work with.
>>NOORY: Is it drawing
something from the atmosphere,
from the ether?
What's happening?
>>BENEDICT: It's our allowing
the energy of the stones
to work.
And by doing that, we allow them
or amplify their connections
with the universe, we'll say.
God, and other people
like to use the word.
It's the universe's
vibrations that
actually focus
into to the stone.
And these stones can become
a little slower in their work
if you've been using
them for a good while.
So putting them out
in the sunlight's
a good way to turn them.
>>NOORY: Well now, that's
an interesting thought.
Are they like batteries
where the more you use them,
the more drained they become?
>>BENEDICT: Perfect.
That's a perfect
analogy, George.
Like with the bloodstone.
In general, the blood
challenges that we
have we didn't walk into a day.
And many times, the bloodstone
takes a lot more than a day
to do that direct effect.
It may take three
to four months.
The first half of that, people
might not notice a difference.
The last half of that they
will-- and or they should,
if we're allowing.
These stones become
a little less charged
every day that we
work with them.
And adding a citrine stone
to that is a battery.
The citrine itself
is a battery for us.
It brings our energies up.
Or it also can be the
battery for the stones.
So if you carried a bloodstone
and a citrine together,
they're always happy.
They're always vibrating.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Let's look at our next picture.
What are these stones?
Now, they look a little like
bloodstones too, don't they?
>>BENEDICT: These are A
shiny, metallic chrome color,
almost like a black chrome.
The hematite is exceptional
for anybody that's an empath.
And as an empath, the
oversimplified way
of saying it is we have
this neon sign on our head.
And it keeps saying
over and over,
everybody gets to see
it, send me your crapola.
I'll help you to heal.
And that's why many
people that are empaths
are overwhelmed about being
in public, because they're
receiving all of these
energies from everybody--
their feelings, their
aches and pains.
And it becomes draining to them.
And sometimes you come home with
other people's aches and pains.
With the hematite, if you
visualize a shield around you
that looks just like the
shiny hematite, for 24 hours
you become in a
bubble that you get
to choose if you want
to let people in.
So for those empaths that had
this neon sign ringing out,
it gives them choice
whether or not
they want to
connect with people.
For 24 hours, it lets
them be in their space
so that they can reach
out to people and connect.
Like the elderly lady
in the grocery store.
Oh, she's such a sweetheart.
Well, you're allowing
your energies to be used.
And yet with this
shield on, it still
allows all those things for
our highest good to enter, too.
So it's a win-win across
the board for any empath,
for a 24-hour shield.
>>NOORY: A couple of years ago,
you were on a panel with me
in Columbus, Ohio.
And I noticed that
during the entire event,
you were holding some stones.
What were you doing?
>>BENEDICT: I was staying
perfectly grounded.
And believe it or
not, that stone
that I was talking to
you about or that I carry
is still in my pocket.
And this stone is
black tourmaline.
Black tourmaline is
a great grounder.
For us to stay
grounded and focused,
and articulate very well.
It really helps to be that extra
real grounded and real focused.
So it really helps
that focus time.
>>NOORY: Who polishes
these stones?
Are they that way naturally?
>>BENEDICT: Very
rarely would you
find a natural polished stone.
Most people that
tumble the stones,
they use the old tumblers.
Remember as a youngster, we
always had those rock tumblers?
Makes all kinds of racket.
End up in the garage,
making this racket
with the stones and
the grit with them.
Well, people do
this in huge bins
to create the polished stone.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look
at our next picture, Tom.
And tell us what that is.
>>BENEDICT: Rose quartz.
George, the reason why
we're here, in my opinion,
is to understand the energy
of love that's around us.
And rose quartz just
boosts that energy of love
that we deal with.
When we live in
unconditional love
and radiate
unconditional love, then
the way some people would
say, heaven is here.
And this stone, rose quartz,
is a spectacular stone
for not just understanding
the love that we
can have for ourselves, but
extending that from our aura
so that other people also
recognize that and participate
with it.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
Next one is kind of
a fascinating one.
That kind of looks like it was
from the movie, the Superman
movie.
Do you remember?
>>BENEDICT: I do remember that.
>>NOORY: When Superman
put these-- what are they?
Crystals or what?
>>BENEDICT: It is
selenite, natural selenite.
And the selenite
gathers the white light,
the light that we live in.
I call it a soup of
energies that we live in.
It gathers that white
light into a focus point
that we can use for ourselves
or to focus into others.
When we're working
with that white light,
it is all the colors of
the chakras in combination.
So it can help every bit
of the chakras to activate
and bring in
beautiful white light.
Call it the universe's light,
call it God's light, whatever.
It's just a word.
But it is the pure white
light that we live in.
>>NOORY: We'll go
through a few more, Tom.
And then I want to ask you
some specific questions
about the stones.
Let's take a look at
our next picture here.
Now those are pretty
darn interesting.
>>BENEDICT: Red jasper.
Red jasper, like the black
tourmaline, is a grounder.
And to stay grounded, we get
to stay focused much better.
Now the difference is
this black tourmaline
is a smack me in
the face, ground me.
It's a real masculine stone.
And the way that I see it,
the better grounded we are,
the easier it is to play
on our spiritual self.
The red jasper is a very
beautiful, soft, mellow
grounder.
A lot of the
ladies-- It really is
spectacular with a
lot of the ladies.
And one of the great
advantages of being grounded
is we can multitask
so much better.
And many times when these
stones call to people at shows,
I know that they're
having challenges
with their
multitasking abilities.
>>NOORY: Do they make
rings and jewelry out
of stores like that?
>>BENEDICT: They do.
And it doesn't matter what
form that we bring them
into our space as
long as we bring
the energy, the
vibrations into our space
and allow them to work.
>>NOORY: Now, you came
here from Columbus, Ohio.
We're here in the
Denver-Boulder area.
Did you get through
TSA with that stone
that you had in your pocket?
>>BENEDICT: I did.
>>NOORY: Do they know
there's something there?
>>BENEDICT: These, they
let me go right through.
I put them in the bin, they
ran them right through.
Not a problem.
I had bought spheres,
quartz spheres this big.
A series of eight of them.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>BENEDICT: Huge.
And they were on
carry-on luggage.
That was not the most
brilliant thing to do.
>>NOORY: Because they don't
know what they are, right?
>>BENEDICT: Right.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>BENEDICT: They went in there
through the x-ray machine.
And the next thing I knew, I had
to take them out and show them
what they were and
that kind of thing.
And they approved them and let
me go onto the plane with them.
Well, when I traveled
with those again,
this time, instead
of doing it the way
I did-- I still put
them in the carry-on--
but I sent massive,
beautiful white light
energy into the stones.
I didn't get asked
a thing about them.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>BENEDICT: Not one
thing that second time.
>>NOORY: They went
right through.
And let's look at our
last picture here.
What are those?
>>BENEDICT: Apophyllites.
And this is also
the apophyllites.
The apophyllites radiate pure,
pure, pure white light energy.
It's a little different
than selenite.
It has a great vibration to it.
It doesn't take any focus
to allow that energy
to come out of the tip of it.
It helps us with gridding.
To grid would mean to
place them around four
corners of your
household, either inside
or outside the house,
it doesn't matter.
And to visualize a beam
of light out of each one,
just like a telephone
pole of pure white light.
And then we kind
of surround ourself
like using a cellophane wrap.
You could think about it
as white cellophane wrap.
You just visualize
it all the way
around a floor and a ceiling.
>>NOORY: Tom, are these stones
four and a half billion years
old?
>>BENEDICT: Some are hugely old.
>>NOORY: Because
I assume they were
made when the planet was made.
>>BENEDICT: Many are.
And many are through
processes since then,
the combination of certain
minerals in certain locations,
where the heat and there's
temperature and the pressure.
And they create those
particular items.
I did run across a
stone called shungite
that's three billion years old.
When it was created, the
planet had a little bit
of green on it, like a
little algae-type stuff,
and that's it.
Nothing else on the planet.
>>NOORY: Why are they all so
different in terms of look?
>>BENEDICT: Each molecule,
each combination of molecules,
creates that different stone.
And it takes those
certain molecules
being in the right location,
with the right heat,
the right pressure,
to be created
and to form the overall
vibration of the stone.
So each of those molecules
add to the vibration frequency
of that stone.
>>NOORY: Are the stones alive?
Sounds like a weird
question, but you know what?
I've heard stories
of people that
have seen rocks in the
desert that you can't move.
And they take a picture of it.
And then maybe like two weeks
later, you see rock imprints
and the thing moved 20 feet.
How in the heck
does that happen?
>>BENEDICT: Science
has no idea about that.
I believe that it
wanted to move.
And for those of us
have direct hearing,
clairaudient
abilities, we actually
can hear the stones talk to us.
And when somebody stands up
in front of me at a show,
I know without fail I hear a
certain stone calling to them.
And many times, I'll
point it out to them
and/or gift it to them.
>>NOORY: Stones talk?
>>BENEDICT: I can
hear the stones talk.
>>NOORY: They say things
like don't throw me.
>>BENEDICT: I had one
that used to cuss me out.
It was the funniest thing.
But at that moment,
I was not living
my truth, my spiritual self.
And that stone did not
appreciate that at all.
And it used to cuss
me out for that.
That's unusual for
a stone to do that.
>>NOORY: They could be real
in a different kind of a way.
>>BENEDICT: Yes.
>>NOORY: Not as
organic as we are,
but there could be
something there.
>>BENEDICT:
Vibrational molecules.
>>NOORY: We're
going to come back
in just a moment on "Beyond
Belief," where we will then
come back with a
demonstration for you.
You don't want to miss it.
Well, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm with Tom Benedict,
the energy healer.
And we have Andy with us.
Andy is going to go through a
stone healing session with Tom.
And by the way, Andy sports a
little more creative mustache
than I do.
>>ANDY: Thank you.
>>NOORY: A little
handlebar there, huh?
>>ANDY: Yes sir.
>>NOORY: Good to see you.
I'm glad you're with us.
You're a pilot by trade.
>>ANDY: Yes, sir.
Nice to be here.
Yes.
>>NOORY: I bet you have seen
all kinds of things in the air.
>>ANDY: I've seen a
few things out there
that I didn't know what they
were, but just a few lights.
>>NOORY: Not a UFO that
flies along next to you?
>>BENEDICT: I haven't seen any
cigar-shaped things or anything
next to me for awhile, no.
>>NOORY: Good.
So Tom, what do we
do here with Andy?
>>BENEDICT: Well,
Andy, with your name--
and usually just
with the first name,
I know which stones are calling
to you at the moment that
could help you in your
personal healing at the moment.
And so one of the first
stones is blue lace agate.
And the blue lace agate--
>>NOORY: I'll hold these up for
you while you talk about it.
>>BENEDICT: Thank you very much.
The blue lace agate
is a great stone
to help us to stay
calmed and relaxed.
And obviously as a pilot, that
would be a great thing to,
no matter what's
going on, to stay
in that focus and that balance.
Does that make
some sense to you?
Then another stone we've got
for you is the blue kyanite.
And blue kyanite, this
is a polished version.
>>NOORY: Interesting stone here.
>>BENEDICT: And
the blue kyanite,
what it does for us
is it, once again,
helps us to stay
focused and balanced
by aligning the
entire chakra system.
And obviously,
your job is really
I want to stay in tune
with everything going on.
And that's what
this kyanite does.
No matter what's going on
with each of our chakras,
it could be you're really
excited about something,
it still helps that area to
stay calmed, and balanced,
and relaxed.
>>NOORY: Now, will you be
picking different stones
for different people?
If you have 10 people
here, would you probably
be picking 10 different stones?
>>BENEDICT: I would be picking--
There may be a few that
would be similar because
of environmental situation that
they might be at the moment,
or they might be drawn
to the moon energies
and have that effect to them.
But many times,
they're different.
And I do these stone readings
for people at shows for free
and over the phone for
a very minimal price.
>>NOORY: What else
do we have here?
>>BENEDICT: Then the next
stone is royal chalcedony.
And this stone
you're going to love.
You have a great
fascination with past lives.
You love information.
Give me information.
You live for information.
>>ANDY: That's true.
>>BENEDICT: And so
the royal chalcedony
can help you to access 117
of your personal past lives.
That's a lot of information.
>>NOORY: Now, how does
that happen, though?
>>BENEDICT: Well,
the way that you'll
utilize this stone is
you'll put it in your hand
either before dream
time or meditation.
And dream time's your
power time, isn't it?
>>ANDY: I'm not sure.
>>BENEDICT: Or do
you do meditation?
>>ANDY: I don't meditate.
My wife would like
me to meditate.
>>NOORY: Especially when he's
flying, he doesn't meditate.
>>BENEDICT: Exactly.
And so with this stone,
put it in your hand
before you get ready
to go to sleep.
And just ask it to show you
things, like in this case,
please show me
things that I would
like to know from 17 lives ago.
And so if you do that
three or four straight days
and skip a day or
two-- by the way,
17 lives ago is a lesson that
you learned that parallels
something that you're
going through now.
That's why I picked that.
And you want to do that.
And the reason why you
skip a couple of days
is you is you let the
conscious and the subconscious
do the oh, that was
the lesson then.
How can it apply this time?
And so it will help you
to access 117 lives.
If you journal, consider
buying a journal
with a little bit
more than 100 pages.
And you can skip around
anywhere you want to.
>>NOORY: Now, what do
you think of this, Andy?
Because when I first heard
about stones with you, Tom,
a couple years ago
that event, I went,
come on, stones and healing?
What are you taking in here?
>>ANDY: Well, I'm not sure.
The 117 kind of struck me.
That's--
>>NOORY: That's a lot of lives.
>>ANDY: --hundreds and
hundreds of years, yeah.
But he wants me
to go just to 17,
so I'll just have
to see what happens.
And I'll give it a try.
>>NOORY: So if he's
a pilot in this life,
what do you think he
was in past lives?
>>BENEDICT: This is not
very exciting, my friend.
>>ANDY: That's OK.
>>BENEDICT: But one of the
lives that just jumped out
at me as you asked,
George, was a gardener.
You loved growing things.
>>ANDY: Yeah.
my nails are dirty
right now from being
in the yard for
the last two weeks.
>>BENEDICT: And so that's
just a great explanation.
Many times from other lives,
we bring that information
to this lifetime.
And in your case, you
love to see things grow.
And that fascination with you
has come from one, two three--
about eight lives ago.
You really-- You
had a garden that
lifetime that people
just drooled over.
>>ANDY: That's hilarious.
>>NOORY: Tom, where would
something like being a pilot
come in from past lives?
>>BENEDICT: It may be
etherical traveling.
You may have been--
let me see, hear it.
22 lives ago, you
were spectacular
with etherical traveling.
You would travel
anywhere you wanted to.
You could visit any place,
any time, and anybody.
And that may have been
one of the things that
drew you this lifetime
to wanting to fly again.
You chose the
physical way this time
instead of the spiritual
way or the etherical way.
>>NOORY: 22 lives
ago, let's assume
he lived 80 years of life.
We're talking about
500 AD, right?
>>BENEDICT: Yes.
And now we also have to
consider that many lives did not
last the length of life
that we're doing now.
>>NOORY: Right.
Exactly.
Especially in those days.
>>BENEDICT: And averaging-- 45.
>>NOORY: Maybe 40, yeah.
>>BENEDICT: Yeah, would probably
be a little bit more accurate.
>>NOORY: Any more stones?
>>BENEDICT: Sure.
The next one is sodalite.
You are a huge man of wisdom.
You love wisdom.
Information is-- I don't
know about information,
but if I can put it
into practical use
in my life, that's
the game plan.
That's why the
sodalite calls to you,
because it's a stone of wisdom.
Does that make sense to you?
>>ANDY: I think so.
>>NOORY: Sodalite.
>>BENEDICT: Sodalite.
>>NOORY: And again, you
pick up different stones
for different people.
>>BENEDICT: Exactly.
Exactly.
The next stone is bloodstone.
And that's the one that we--
>>NOORY: That's the
one we talked about.
>>BENEDICT: The one
we've talked about.
This one has a little
bit more red in it.
>>NOORY: And gray.
Why?
Has it been used before?
>>BENEDICT: No, I promise.
Well, it might have been.
But for the purposes
that we're using it, no.
Do you have anemia?
Do you step in and out
of anemia sometimes?
>>ANDY: I don't know.
>>BENEDICT: Not
that you know of?
Does your energy kind of
really low on occasions?
>>ANDY: Occasionally.
>>BENEDICT: And may last
for three weeks at a time?
>>ANDY: I haven't really--
>>BENEDICT: Put two
and two together?
>>ANDY: Yeah.
>>BENEDICT: The bloodstone,
I believe, on occasion, you
walk in and out of anemia.
And that's why I picked
a stone for you that
has a little bit more
red in there, that iron,
so that you'll have
less likelihood.
Do you have any challenges
with your blood system?
>>ANDY: The doctors told
me that my red blood
cells are really large.
And I have a lot
of iron, though.
That's what he said.
>>BENEDICT: OK.
That might be balancing
the energy of the iron.
That would mean that's
why that bloodstone calls
to you, because you
already are aware that you
have a situation
with your blood.
>>NOORY: So what will the
stone do, though, for him.
Does it help heal him?
>>BENEDICT: Yes, it can help.
And in your case-- two,
three-- about three months
is what I'm hearing.
Just carry it a
solid three months.
>>NOORY: If it's too much
iron, could be hemochromatosis.
>>BENEDICT: Exactly.
>>NOORY: It's a possibility.
I have a friend who has that.
And he has to get a little
pint of blood taken out
of him every once in awhile.
>>BENEDICT: Just to
keep things stable.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BENEDICT: Over
the three months,
it should stabilize
your blood system.
And I'd love feedback from you.
Just send me an
email or something
and tell me how
that worked for you.
>>ANDY: I'll do that.
>>BENEDICT: The
first half of that,
you may not notice
much of a shift.
But after that, your challenge
should start disappearing.
The last stone, my
friend, is apophyllite.
It's pure, pure white light.
>>NOORY: This is one of
my favorites, by the way.
We talked about this one before.
>>BENEDICT: And any
time that we carry
apophyllites, you could consider
that you're living and carrying
the energy of sacred
space with you.
It will help you
to stay energized.
It will help you to stay in
that white light of everything
is good.
And does that make kind of
some sense with you, too?
>>ANDY: It makes some sense.
Yeah, I appreciate that.
>>NOORY: Does he carry
all those all the time?
>>BENEDICT: Now that's
a great question.
George, I would carry
all of the stones
except for the royal
chalcedony right here.
And that one would
be one that you
would like to work
with in dream time.
So that's not a necessity
to carry all the other times
during the day.
Just when you're
getting ready to work.
>>NOORY: So you can put
them all in your pocket.
>>BENEDICT: Yep.
And with that, Andy, I'm going
to give you a little felt bag.
>>ANDY: Thank you very much.
>>BENEDICT: That way you'll be
able to carry them with you.
And they're my gift to you
just for participating today.
>>ANDY: All right.
Appreciate it, Tom.
>>BENEDICT: Thank
you very much, Andy.
>>NOORY: So that's how it works.
>>BENEDICT: That's how it works.
>>NOORY: I still think you
have a lot to do with it,
the interpreter--
>>BENEDICT: Yes.
>>NOORY: --of what it is.
>>BENEDICT: And
that's the reason
why I stay so busy at
shows, is giving people
the interpretation of why these
particular stones call to them.
>>ANDY: What did you
think of this, Andy?
>>ANDY: I thought it
was very interesting.
And he came up on the
idea for the blood thing,
and that was right on the-- it
hit the nail on the head there.
>>NOORY: Now, if you
were out with your pals,
and you were telling them
that you were wearing
healing stones, what do
you think they'd say?
>>ANDY: I'm not sure.
>>NOORY: Would they
say we're nuts?
What do they say, Tom?
People who aren't into
this or understand it.
What do they say?
>>BENEDICT:
Sometimes, even people
consider it to be
not of the light.
And it's all up to us.
And I won't go up to any
average Joe on the street
and say, oh, I've got
this stone for you
right here because it
might freak them out.
And so we have to realize who
we can speak to this about
and who we don't need to.
>>NOORY: Do you
have any stones that
help you predict the future?
>>BENEDICT: If I do, I think I'd
be a little bit richer than I
am at the moment, other
than the spiritual richness
that I'm seeing
from the business.
I don't.
>>NOORY: If you had one
stone to wear all the time,
which one would it be?
>>BENEDICT: The same as you
love so much, apophyllites.
When we live in
that white light,
then all things are possible.
>>NOORY: Well, it sure is.
And that's what one of these--
>>BENEDICT: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --happen to be.
So I'm not sure I will
wear this every day.
It's kind of big.
But--
>>BENEDICT: It's small.
>>NOORY: You know, with healing
stones and the possibility
of taking care of
yourself, making
your life a little
better, making your life
a little healthier, who knows?
Maybe with people
like Tom Benedict,
you can create an
environment for yourself
where you can change your life.
Fascinating, Tom.
>>BENEDICT: Thank you.
>>NOORY: And Andy, thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>ANDY: Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: Well, we'll see
you on our next edition
of "Beyond Belief."